Foundry branding (#51841)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/key-azure-services.md

| Icon | Service | Description |
|:----:|:--------|:------------|

> | ![Foundry Tools Icon](./media/cognitive-services.svg) | **Foundry Tools**   | Foundry Tools are a collection of cloud-based services that allow you to add AI-based capabilities to your application. Examples include Azure OpenAI, Azure Vision in Foundry Tools, Azure Speech in Foundry Tools, Azure Language in Foundry Tools, and Azure Translator in Foundry Tools. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Foundry Tools Icon](./media/cognitive-services.svg) | **Foundry Tools**   | Foundry Tools is a collection of cloud-based services that allow you to add AI-based capabilities to your applications. Examples include Azure OpenAI, Azure Vision in Foundry Tools, Azure Speech in Foundry Tools, Azure Language in Foundry Tools, and Azure Translator in Foundry Tools. |
```
